--extra-index-url https://${FURY_AUTH_TOKEN}:@deps.kaleido.ai/pypi/

absl-py==1.0.0
    # via tensorboard
aiohttp==3.8.0
    # via fsspec
aiosignal==1.2.0
    # via aiohttp
async-timeout==4.0.1
    # via aiohttp
attrs==21.2.0
    # via aiohttp
cachetools==4.2.4
    # via google-auth
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==2.0.7
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
crcmod==1.7
    # via -r requirements-train.in
dnspython==2.1.0
    # via python-etcd
frozenlist==1.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2021.11.0
    # via pytorch-lightning
future==0.18.2
    # via pytorch-lightning
google-api-core==2.2.2
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-api-python-client==2.30.0
    # via -r requirements-train.in
google-auth==2.3.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-httplib2==0.1.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
google-cloud==0.34.0
    # via -r requirements-train.in
google-cloud-core==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-train.in
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-storage==1.42.3
    # via -r requirements-train.in
google-crc32c==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-train.in
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.1.0
    # via google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.53.0
    # via google-api-core
grpcio==1.41.1
    # via tensorboard
httplib2==0.20.2
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
markdown==3.3.4
    # via tensorboard
multidict==5.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
numpy==1.21.4
    # via
    #   pyarrow
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   tensorboard
    #   torchelastic
    #   torchmetrics
oauthlib==3.1.1
    # via requests-oauthlib
packaging==21.2
    # via
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
protobuf==3.19.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   tensorboard
pyarrow==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements-train.in
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pydeprecate==0.3.1
    # via pytorch-lightning
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   httplib2
    #   packaging
python-etcd==0.4.5
    # via torchelastic
pytorch-lightning==1.5.1
    # via -r requirements-train.in
pyyaml==6.0
    # via pytorch-lightning
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   fsspec
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.7.2
    # via google-auth
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   absl-py
    #   google-auth
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   grpcio
tensorboard==2.7.0
    # via pytorch-lightning
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.0
    # via tensorboard
    # via
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchelastic
    #   torchmetrics
torchelastic==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements-train.in
torchmetrics==0.6.0
    # via pytorch-lightning
tqdm==4.62.3
    # via pytorch-lightning
typing-extensions==3.10.0.2
    # via
    #   async-timeout
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torch
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==1.26.7
    # via
    #   python-etcd
    #   requests
werkzeug==2.0.2
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.37.0
    # via tensorboard
yarl==1.7.2
    # via aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
